Your face, General
You really gave birth to a beautiful daughter
Everyone must have been shocked by Jiang Wanyue's ugly face
Scared silly
It is rumored that Miss Jiang has venom sores on her face
Ugly is sobbing ghosts and gods
It seems that the message is not credible.
That is.
Since this Miss Jiang is better than
The most beautiful woman in Beijing
Second Miss Jiang is much more beautiful
Don't you have venom sores?
How could it be good
My sister knows so well
Could it be that this poison
No I'm just worried about my sister
But I don't think my sister means that.
It's just that my sister assembled it without telling me.
I don't know.
A little surprised
Yes, yes, yes, your face is fine.
And we didn't.
Do you consider us as family?
It's just that he hasn't fully recovered yet.
Didn't say it
affair
I was obsessed
You don't want to be my princess?
Prince, today is your wedding to Jiang Cefei
Li Chen holds a banquet
Your Highness, I want to toast you
The prince should look more at Liu Bianfei Dao
Uncle Wang taught me a lesson
There is still poison in the body of the royal brother
Quite uncomfortable
Just go down to Daijiang for testing in the evening